<h1>CS_340</h1>
<h2><b>How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?</b></h2>
To make sure the programs I write are maintainable, readable, and adaptable I make sure to create code that is modular. This way the code is not always project specific and could be reused similar to the CRED python module we created. This module could be used with other database we set up, where all that would need to be changed is the database and collections name and pass in the username and password.

<h2><b>How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?</b></h2>
First and foremost, as a computer scientist, using critical thinking to help solve problems is a big part of my approach. I start by reading through all that is given to me (gather the requirements of the project) and make sure that if I have any questions I get the answers. I then think of how I know my solutions are working based on the requirements (formulate test cases). Lastly, I figure out the code that follows industry standards and best achieves the desired outcome and test the code against the test cases I came up with. I feel that this model of approach works very well, and I have used this in the past classes and will continue using this approach in the future.

<h2><b>What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?</b></h2>
Computer scientists find technical solutions to problems. This matters because technology is becoming more and more integrated in everyday life. Even at early ages, people are being exposed more and more to technology. For example, as I sit here writing this, my 3 1/2 year old is playing Mario on our nintendo switch. As a kid, I did not have a game system until I was in middle school and it was a gameboy. As for how doing work on this type of project, it can help companies keep track of large amounts of data and easily sift through, search, retrieve, add, edit, and overall maintain this information easily with little effort. 
